=collex_wordpress_theme

A child of the Hybrid theme for gluing the WordPress portions to the Rails portions of Collex

== Capabilities

This adds the following to the Hybrid theme:

* Removes the Breadcrumbs from the About pages.

* Adds the 'yui-skin-sam' class to the body for the YUI library.

* Supplies an icon for the RSS feed.

* Defines a number of CSS styles for elements that are the same no matter which Collex installation is deployed.

== Installation

# From the WordPress administration panel, choose Appearance and Install Themes.

# Install both the Hybrid theme and this one and make this theme active.

# Go to the Install Plugins page.

# Install the Rails Theme plugin and configure it.

== Resources

* {Hybrid Theme}[http://wordpress.org/extend/themes/hybrid]
* {Rails Theme Plugin}[http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/rails-theme/]

== Author

Paul Rosen <mailto:paul@performantsoftware.com>

==Copyright

Copyright 2011 Applied Research in Patacriticism and the University of Virginia

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
